# Answers For 1.3

## 1. Is Visual Studio better than VS Code:

No. Each has their own uses. Visual Studio give you a nice GUI and hide many things under the hood. I prefer working with VSCode as I like using the CLI better and understand what it's under.

## 2. Are .NET 5 and later version better than .NET Framework

Yes. .NET 5 and later are re-branded, cross platform .NET eco systems with constant update while .NET Framework is the legacy .NET and only goes up to 4.

## 3. What is .NET Standard, and why is it still important?

.NET Standard is a specification set of APIs that all .NET platforms could implement to indicate level of compatibility they have. .NET Standard is now legacy but it's still important to understand so that you can create new app that are backward compatible with legacy .NET platforms.

## 4. Why can a programmer use different languages (for example, C# and F#) to write applications that run on .NET

Because .NET is an ecosystem and languages like C# and F# will be compiled to Intermediate Language (**IL**) and later compiled again with **CLR** to machine code.

## 5. What is a top-level program, and how do you access any command-line arguments?

Top-level program is a features that was introduced since .NET 6 that let the compiler generate and wrapped all the boilerplate code to define `Program` class and its `Main` method.

To access any command-line arguments, use `GetCommandLineArgs` Method from `Environment` class.

```cs
public static string[] GetCommandLineArgs();
```

## 6. What is the name of the entry point method of a .NET console app, and how should it be explicitly declared if you are not using the top-level program feature?

The name of the entry point method of a .NET console app is `Main`. To declare it:

```cs
namespace MyNameSpace;

class Program
{
  static void Main(string[] args)
  {
    // Code here
  }
}
```

## 7. What namespace is the `Program` class defined in with a top-level program?

There is no namespace for the `Program` class defined in with a top-level program.

## 8. Where would you look for help for a C# keyword?

Docs.

## 9. Where would you look first for solutions to common programming problems?

Docs and Google.

## 10. What should you do after getting AI to write code for you?

I don't use AI to write code for me.
